readme.md, before:

# CAPalgorythm FR

Ce programme a pour but d'aider a mettre en relation des élèves sur des créneaux horaires donné en fonctiobn des matières. Ce logiciel a été créé dans le
but de faciliter la mise en place d'un AP entre élèves.


## Fonctionnalités actuelles :

- Une GUI simple
- Un support des versions de windows antérieures a partir de Windows 7
- Un système de mise a jour automatique complet
- Des bases de données en CSV
- Des options d'activation / désactivation de fonctionnalités
- Un micro-environnement python Optimisé pour le logiciel permettant de l'utiliser sur une clé USB
- Une gestion automatisée des relations avec management possible pour l'utilisateur.

## Installation
- Il vous suffit d'extraire le `ZIP` dans un dossier et c'est parti ! Double-cliquez sur Executer `CAPS.bat` ou `.exe` suivant votre version de windows.

- Les supports MacOS et Linux sont prévus dans les version ultérieures.


## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Xabi GOITY (Xabi08YT)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updated readme and created an install necessary libs script.

readme.md, after:

# CAPalgorythm FR

Ce programme a pour but d'aider a mettre en relation des élèves sur des créneaux horaires donné en fonction des matières. Ce logiciel a été créé dans le
but de faciliter la mise en place d'un AP entre élèves.


## Fonctionnalités actuelles

- Une GUI simple
- Un support des versions de windows antérieures a partir de Windows 7
- Un système de mise a jour automatique complet
- Des bases de données en CSV
- Des options d'activation / désactivation de fonctionnalités
- Un micro-environnement python Optimisé pour le logiciel permettant de l'utiliser sur une clé USB et sécurisé contre la faille CVE-2007-4559
- Une gestion automatisée des relations avec management possible pour l'utilisateur.

## Installation
- Il vous suffit d'extraire le `ZIP` dans un dossier et c'est parti ! Double-cliquez sur Executer `CAPS.bat` ou `.exe` suivant votre version de windows.

- Les supports MacOS et Linux sont prévus dans les version ultérieures.

# CAPalgorythm EN:

This program is made to help by creating relationships between students on specific time slots depending of what school lesson you entered. This software
is meant to help setting up a personalized help between students.


## Current features

- A simple graphical user interface
- An official support for older version of Windows starting with Windows 7
- A complete automated software update system
- Database in CSV for better portability between devices
- Some functions to enable / disable features
- A fixed python micro-environment built for the software and CVE-2007-4559 proof.
- Relationships managing is automated and the user is able to directly manage the related database

## Install
- You just need to extract the `ZIP` archive in a folder and that's it ! At this moment, please note that THE FOLDER MUST BE EMPTY OR THE EXTRA FILES WILL BE DELETED DURING THE NEXT UPDATE. EXTRA FOLDER WILL MAKE THE SOFTWARE CRASH.

- MacOS and Linux supported are scheduled in the next update.

# License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Xabi GOITY (Xabi08YT)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
